 FLexera Malvern House 14-18 Bell Street Berkshire, SL6 1BR United Kingdom 44.370.871.1111 www.flexera.uk Date: September 26, 2019 To: Harman International (India) Pvt. Ltd. Re: Permanent Establishment Declaration for the period January 1, 2019 to December 31, 2019 We hereby declare that, 1. Flexera Software Limited is a company incorporated in United Kingdom on March 5, 2008. 2. It is a tax resident as per the Tax Laws of United Kingdom 3. * The Company does not have and is not likely to have a permanent establishment in India as defined in Article 5 of the India- United Kingdom Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement (India- United Kingdom tax treaty'). In this regard, it is further confirmed that: the Company does not have a fixed place of business in India through which its business is wholly or partly conducted as stipulated in Article 5(1) of the India - United Kingdom tax treaty the Company is not likely to have a fixed place of business in India through which its business will be wholly or partly conducted as stipulated in Article 5(1) of the India - United Kingdom tax treaty the Company does not have or is not likely to have any dependent agent in India as stipulated in Article 5 of the India- United Kingdom tax treaty, where in (a) he has and habitually exercises in the India an authority to conclude on behalf of the enterprise; (b) he has no such authority but habitually maintains in the India a stock of goods or merchandise from which he regularly delivers goods or merchandise on behalf of the enterprise, and some additional activities conducted in the State on behalf of the enterprise have contributed to the sale of the goods or merchandise; or (c) he habitually secures orders in the India, wholly or almost wholly for the enterprise. This certificate is being issued to Harman International (India) Pvt. Ltd. to enable them to decide upon the With Holding Tax applicable on the transaction with our company If there is any change in the above facts the same would be intimated to you accordingly.